- 👋 Hi, I’m @L0RDB0N3S and I currently dwell in the occupied urban zone of complete industrial post-apodalyptic devastation that used to be the magickal empire calling itself PORTLAND, OREGON. Prior to the unexected annihilation and waves of unforgettable carnage that hit this region especially hard (known now as the Second Civil War), many of those degenerate individuals that we now collectively call NPC's had formed together in loose associations to somewhat unite their neo-marxist resources and limited educational capabilities, to randomly target offices of the protective forces in pock-marked attacks upon the leadership and their families, particularly when they knew they had a distinct advantage, as due with timing during the day theough personal scheduling details, or at their children's school attendances where there may have been a discrepancy in activities despite the leftists' bloodlust for violence and scarring fetishes against the innocence of children in question. And it is specifically because of this special flavour of ziomarxist degenerate that we had, grudgingly, of course, organised a de facto association of those whom we call "rhe last resort" in the proper memorial decorum granted the contemporaries of Oskar Dirlewanger. These persons, as most of us in positions of general leadership, troop movements, organizational gatherings, public relations, etc. knew that when these special persons were called together, that we should wisely take a step back to give them the space they require for a smooth passing transition, granting also any particular tools or helpful items of usage in their dealings that would prove helpful. Regardless of how strange or bizarre their requests may seem to us, these people (men and women alike, but still mostly men, simply due to the extreme circumstances of their need for application through their gruesome trade.) always finished a job, scrubbed the scene, and then disappeared once more, and we were all glad to keep things functioning like a well-oiled zipper, as it were. Though an unfortunate necessity, tese persons were not folks that you wanted to know, in any social capacity. Some hid it well, but they were all very sick and you did not want to discover how. It was better off left alone, and you were happier in the unspoken knowledge that it was much better them than you. There are some extreme traumas that can turn a man's moral conscience completely off, and leave the act of murdering a hundred kikes in cold blood, through the act of immurement, as nothing but a simple sidenote in local history.
- 👀 I’m interested in persons who generally represent the sociopolitical ideal of Pan-Aryan Nationalism and xollectively eager to get the ball rolling towards the creation, edification, and viable establishment of a stronger Caucasian-cenrered Cascadian Comm.Unity, started right here and right now amongst the revolting and repugnant remains of ziomarxist degeneracies, as we re-ignite the flames of our Pan-Aryan empire, and as the phoenix is prophesied to be resurrected from the ashes of a sick society, by this defiant act of our eugenically extravagant rebirth we shall show the world once more precisely how to do so and with what tools of the gardener we shall need.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how to organize on an impromptu selective basis, according to each community's particular strengths and demanding imperative needs. If you have practical experience with these matters, please don't hesitate to inform me of this fact. What we are looking at is an underlying need for unskilled General Laborers and Diggers, for the many coming road and bridge developments coming up. Also, there is a special necessity for those who have direct personal employment experience as High-Voltage Electricians, Project Construction, Design Landscaping, Demolitions (OSHA or Improv), Field Communications, Field Medics, Reconnaissance, Creative Electronic Circuitry Design, etc, etc... You had better believe that there is a huge wave of employment and industry career application in the coming technical fields, and each one of these persons in charge of acquiring these bright, new, talented recruits to the field will be eager and excited just to get to know you and your plans for our Collective Comm.Unity Commitments to the Cascadian future!
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on these and many more ideas that you may have been kicking around the office, or the bar, or just daydreaming about with your buddies! You must always remember that the biggest and best ideas, and those that have been seen through to its ultimate, dynamic conclusion, all started out but as a basic acron before it vibrantly flourished into a mighty, majestic Artan Oak tree! Your dream may just be what our dying world needs, to be resuscitated with the divine breath of glorious mortal gods!...
- 📫 I can be quite easily be reached by email at: LORDBONES@PM.ME or you can TEXT me directly at: +19713334495. If, for whatever reason, I cannot quickly reply to this, please tryo to contact me once more after an hour. Please also leave me a detailed message regarding why you are trying to reach me, and I should respond just as soon as I am able. This is no pipe dream, nor is it a Dungeons-N-Dragons-style fantasy LARP for angsty teen nobodies who simply cannot find a friend in our mentally diseased and morally vacant world. This shit is all-too-real, my friend, and we are the ones who are making it happen, and dominantly controlling the one-way narrative with our very hands! Perhaps you cannot yet see it happening in your personal daily life, but I assure you that you WILL, before too long! This I promise and swear upon anything held sacred. We are the crafters, and designers, and builders of a new place called Tommorrow. And we have neither Time nor inclination for the losers or the runners-up who have simply failed in their desperate measures. There will be no "next time" for them. But they will learn to see and also love our grand and beautiful visions of things, or they can simply fuck off elsewhere: I couldn't care less which option they choose. But there is a plain truth that still holds very wise in the old adage, that "History neither cares nor suffers for the lost dreams of losers, but seasons their celebratory drink with their tears." Or something like that... And this is a healthy and victorious statement that I can completely stand behind.
- 😄 WTFU & GTFO
- ⚡ Fun fact: Nothing says "FOREVER" like a cockroach.
- Another Fun Fact: L0RDB0N3S has been successfully self-scripting BASIC & vBASIC since he was 12yo, having proven his 1337 h4x0r 5kllz several times over, and since before it was even a known/claimed status. 

<!---
L0RDB0N3S/L0RDB0N3S is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
|| CELEBRATING CAUCASIAN CASCADIA || 14.83.88.110.503 
|| DAMN RIGHT: KEEP IT WHITE! || PDXOR CASCADIA USA ||
(https://bit.ly/Americas-Whitest-City)
